What is a guy who's in welcome x so as in the Privets video we installed it for press in it and basically
Viviani create so many websites like more than 10 websites or just like that.
So we can not buy so many domain names.
Instead we can create subdomain names for free and then we can create too many websites OK.
So what I want to do is it will create subdomain names like s one for Site 1 S2 for Site 2 so it will
be like S1 complete double B course dot com.
OK.
And then we will move on with this so let's go ahead.
Let's go to the dashboard.
Or C the C panel.
OK.
And what's your have to do we have to go down.
And here it say's subdomains.
So you have to come here and we basically want to create a subdomain name.
So I want to create a subdomain name for this one.
OK.
And this domain name will be for a complete table of course dot com.
So my document Trude is going to be sub underscore DOMA ins slash and Swannack.
I guess one
dot complete of course stuck
complete W.P. of course dot com as one that complete that will be course dot com.
OK.
So once I created this will be created and then we're going to install WordPress in it.
So let's go ahead and let's hit create and you can see that as one that complete double the course has
been created.
Now we fast we have to install word press and how we will do that if we have to go to File Manager.
OK.
And then we have to you just go to subdomains right here and we have to we have this as one that can
be doubled because dot com we have to basically upload that
upload we have to basically upload that WordPress file we have to selected we have to just upload this
WordPress zip.
We have to open it up and you can see that this is being uploaded.
So after it is uploaded what we have to do we have to go back and then we have to extract it.
Here it is extracted.
Now what I have to do I have to refresh this and I have to remove this I have to just hit delete and
that should be delete what you have to do you have to know hey check this.
And then you have to hit OK.
Confirm.
So now we have to basically log on to S1 dot complete the course dot com it this.
And there we go.
You can see that it is showing a 404 not found right now.
OK.
But what you have to do you have to wait for like five minutes or more than five minutes and then you
will visit this page.
This will be done.
OK so you have to wait for like some time because host kid is a bit slow in the subdomain name.
OK so when they are done they will just get that and our site will be up and running.
So after five minutes or four minutes I'll just be back.
And then I'll show you how to install it.
But basically you guys already know how to install WordPress natively have to just go to my school database.
OK.
And we have to install WordPress in the same database.
OK we have to install word press in the same database that is see of course.
OK the user name is going to be this.
But if you will be using a different extension.
OK so make sure that even Stolberg press with this method do not install were impressed with Arto mattered
because you will see a lot of database and it will be having a lot of things so do not install it that
way.
Just install and press for this method OK.
So after like five minutes I'll just be back.
I'm just pausing you right now so that everything looks good.
So I'm just pausing you right now and I'll be back when it is done.
What does it guys and you can see that I have now.
This website is totally up and running and runs.
And when I visited this you can see that this is the video that is coming right here.
I want to just sit next.
Continue to get the next set up.
And I want to go to hit let's go and I want to enter my wordpress database name so my wordpress database
name is going to be this one.
I want to come here and I want to paste it right now.
OK.
So my user name is going to be this one I want to copy this right now.
I'll just copy them here and let's say it based.
There we go.
And now I want to enter the password
so now a have to enter that database has solved this as it is make sure that it is Looby host and then
we are going to name it as W.P. as one.
OK.
So this is basically make sure that this is unique every time you install WordPress in a database in
the same that you can see that we are installing in the same database.
So make sure that this is unique.
Don't use a double underscore mean make sure that you use that to be a unique and that you have to hit
submit and wait.
You can see that it is already sparkly you have made it to the part of installation.
Now I have to just run the install and it's you know take me to the new window.
And now here I have to enter the tables my Sithole is going to be say one or anything.
So you can pretty well change it later on so I'm going to be just entering the site one.
OK.
And I want to go to the user name so my user name is going to be this.
And I want to change my passwords from a password is going to be and I want to enter that the e-mail
address.
So email addresses this and I want to install WordPress now and you can see that WordPress has been
installed in S1 complete self Lupi course dot com and now we are totally done.
So in this video we're going to be just deciding that what you have to create in this I guess we have
a lot of say to create and you guys are going to learn how to create different offices and make sure
that you try each and every Web site simultaneously.
That how we say you make sure that you watch to watch a video and this video you're watching right now.
Make sure to try that later on.
OK.
So in the next video we'll be breaking up with our web Sayville and he'll be just waking up.
The team will install a team and then will create a new Web site so stadium guys and Bebai.